 Kray, Lay
 Whattup Wish?
 You know how we used to get that vibe, back in the day?
 Oh yeah, most definitely
 Yeah!
 Yeah...
 I remember that
 Me too
 You know we used to get our hustle on, from the 1st to the 15th?
 Aw man, we touched alot of people with this one!
 A whole lotta people with this one!
 Whoa... that was deep!
 That was from the heart, dog
 Aw man, this was that street right here...
 Y'all remember? This was that street right here!
 East 99...
 Let's VIBE!
 Now we done blew up, fell off, but came right back up from grindin overtime!
 And you know what's real, we used to wear each other's shoes - what's yours, you know is mine
 Mine too! Can't deny, how the time fly by, it feel like it was just yesterday!
 When we was in the streets, stressed for llell, now we pullin up in big Escalades
 All paid for, money on the wood, so it's no car notes
 We far from broke, that's all I know
 So you better get it right when it comes to my folks, cause we gon ball out
 Blow a little bit of weed, smoke y'all out
 We get everybody goin off our style...
 Show 'em out to do it, thugsta stay right
 He ain't rollin how I roll when I ride!
 We gon' suit up again, incase y'all want war
 Gon' do it again, until we can't no more
 Blowin in the wind with a refreshin blow
 Who knew in the end, that we would be so cold
 It was hard, yup, no, but we can't let go, no
 Middle finger to the po-po! It's that thuggish-ruggish
 And the whole world love it, we gon' give it to 'em like, like!
 Round and round and round we go
 Now you can ride my vibe...
 Now just vibe, just vibe, just vibe
 My vibe, my vibe, my vibe...
 Come and get on the level with me, a regular G's
 Uncomparable, none like these...
 Unpredictable, harmonies...
 Mystic, lyrical, gotsta be... Bone, Bone!
 Cause we make the songs!
 No matter what you're feelin, you can vibe out to Bone!
 Straight off the dome!
 Up in it playa, let's go, flow so strong!
 No matter how we do it we gon' always keep it real
 Even when the higher powers wanna ban our noise
 It'll be back to the block with some rocks and a radio
 Reppin on a corner like the bandaid boys
 Boy, runnin around, puttin it down - flowin!
 Niggaz was wild, we did it all - knowin!
 We was the coldest in the city we showed em
 How to get it crackin like a real true soldier!
 Doin' our thing, since back in the day-day
 Chasin change, we gonna make it either way-way
 One-way bus tickets, Eazy listened and
 Flied us back to the block, now he's gone
 Now I got a little money in my pocket, about a couple G's
 It's been a long time since I got it from the streets
 I ain't worried about a beef, but I do keep heat
 Incase these haters ain't vibin with me!
 Round and round and round we go
 Now you can ride my vibe
 Now just vibe, just vibe, just vibe
 My vibe, my vibe, my vibe...
 Now tell me who the realest niggaz ever heard...
 Gotta be them Bone boys, listen and learn
 I know they can't believe it, but it's still our turn
 So let's get POD'd and tweeded, tweeded, off herb...
 We stay high, high, all day long, in the mornin when I open my eyes!
 So it ain't no big surprise, how they ride the vibe and get hypnotized!
 Took in by flow, they bank potent like dro...
 After one toke they want some more... they can't let go!
 Still get it on the low - if it's right there, I can't let that go
 I'm a hustler, survivor, strugglin, no lie, on dollars plus more!
 If you really need to know, Mr. Bill Collector's alive
 Step on the scene, collect my green
 Gimme everything that you got, cause I really wanna go!
 Round and round and round we go
 Now you can ride my vibe
 Now just vibe, just vibe, just vibe
 My vibe, my vibe, my vibe...
 Man I remember when we used to try to catch that vibe off that Banana Red
 Man we used to drink that motherfuckin Thunderbird with the Kool-Aid in it
 Ah-ho man, but remember Olde E and Crazy Horse?
 Aw, that shit dog, but you know what was crazy, the Chuggalo!
 Oh man, we used to sit around, and put everything in one thang and just DRINK it!
 Man, everybody put that candle in the middle, boy we used to be vibed out
 Haha!
 Hit up magic man for them dime sacks, bout fifteen joints
 But you know what, it wasn't nothing like that Sisco!
 Ooooh, that Sisco, that Wild Isles Rose was that shit though
 That, put that hair on ya chest...